This is the Image Stacker partner assignment. Type "make" followed by "./stacker" to run the program. In order to create this image stacker program, we decided to use two vectors to deal with the RGB values inside of the ppm class. Firstly, when we made the fileLoader method, we used a vector that was declared inside of said method to store the RGB values. After the while loop had read in all the values from a file, we had the fileLoader method call the total method which stored these values into the pixels vector by using the size of the vector inside the fileLoader method and addition. Whenever the total method is called by the fileLoader method, the values from the method inside the fileLoader method are added to the same index in the total method which makes it easy to keep track of all of these RGB values for averaging. Since the vector inside the fileLoader method was declared there, we also didn't have to worry about resizing or clearing its contents, which was a problem we ran into earlier on in the assignment. Another problem we ran into had to do with trying to add numbers into the total method, but it turned out that we simply needed to initialize it because trying to add to an entry into a vector index that doesn't currently exist causes a segmentation fault. We could have likely done the initialization inside of the default constructor, but we thought it looked cleaner to make an initializer method to do this for us. This method is automatically called when the total method is called for the first time. We created an average method that simply divids the red green and blue values from every index of the pixels vector to average our values and our fileWriter method creates the new ppm file by first writing in the file header, which was stored in our member variables, followed by all of the structs in the pixels vector using a for loop. We shared the work by simply getting together to talk about and work on the program. Connor wrote most of the code for the assignment and did about half of the comments and Isaac made the Makefile, did the other half of the comments, helped brainstorm, and tested out coding ideas that we could potentially implement. We both just had to work on it when possible to get it done on time. 